- [Narrator] Our real-time spring app
is built using the spring MVC application design pattern.
Therefore controller components will definitely
be needed.
For our next coding exercise,
we will create a controller for our chat app
and walk through how to implement the method
for handling chat messages that come in.
Remember, in our app the controller's main responsibility
is to map a handler method,
to particular message destinations,
and application URIs.
We will complete a simple controller for our exercise,
but in a more mature app,
you would likely develop multiple controllers
to handle the different responsibilities
and logic for a variety of topic subscriptions.
Imagine fully implementing the scenarios
for our landing events management app.
Remember that ultimately,
this app should handle guest to guest chat,
guest to host chats,
and hosts to venue chats
that could require multiple controllers
to really implement that.
So for our next exercise we're gonna implement
our simple controller to get us started.
To begin our exercise, I'm gonna go
into our controller package.
Open our chat controller class.
And I'm also gonna double click on this class editor window
just so we have more space.
To get us started, I've already created
a handleMessaging method.
This is the method that I want called whenever a chat comes
in and I want to send back a response from the server.
So to get started implementing, the first thing I want
to add is a little bit of a delay.
And the reason why I wanna do this is
to simulate actual server behavior.
So that's step one.
Step two is simply returning
the response you wanna send back.
For our behavior it's okay to just broadcast back out
the message that came in.
Remember someone chats a message
and it's the server's responsibility to broadcast
that response out to anyone subscribing
to the topic for those messages.
So, what I'll do is take the message that came in
and simply echo that back out on the ChatOutMessage option.
So for the incoming message,
I'm gonna call the getMessage method.
Pass that message into the ChatOutMessage option.
And that's what we're sending out.
But we have a few more steps to do
before this is really a complete controller
that's gonna work with our web socket.
For one, we need to finish up by adding some
of the spring annotations,
one the controller annotation,
so that our spring container knows
that this is a controller component.
Second, and one of the most important
for what we're trying to accomplish
is we have to add a spring annotation
called MessageMapping.
This is what maps a URI to this controller.
So we're gonna give it a logical name
given the responsibility of this controller.
And I'm gonna call the guest chat URI.
Lastly, in addition to a URI our controller
also needs to know which topic destinations
that it should be sending and receiving messages from.
We specify that with the SendTo annotation.
And again I'm gonna choose a pretty simple,
yet logical name.
It's customary to prefix these names with topic
and then follow it with something that makes sense
for your app.
So I'm gonna use guest chats.
Now that I've added my annotations,
I've simulated my server delay,
and I've broadcast out my message.
I have a simple controller started
to handle the simplest scenario
of making sure that chats come in
and responses go out.
So let's review real quick.
We did something really simple in a few lines of code,
but that's all it takes to get you started
with creating your first real-time chat application.
We simply had to create a handle messaging method.
We had to create the proper annotations,
one a MessageMapping annotation
so the controller knows which URI it maps to.
We also had to add the SendTo annotation.
This is what maps a handler method
to the message queue or topic.
Next, we're gonna extend this controller
to add even more behavior.